As mentioned at the very beginning of the course, CSS is split up into modules.
You got a module on media queries, you got a module on selectors, you got a module on animations and so
on.
Now at the end of this module in this course here, you'll find a link to this page which gives you an
overview over the different working groups that work on new CSS features, sorted by these modules
basically.
Now on this page, you see which groups exist and also what the current state of the results of that group
is,
for example if it's a recommendation, which means browsers should implement that and they regularly do
that or if it's just a draft which browsers may implement but which they don't have to yet or which
is not necessarily recommended to them yet.
So you can scroll through that list and find out which groups exist and you can always click into one
of these groups, like CSS transitions and read more about their work, what it's all about, what they
plan, which syntax they'd like to see and so on.
This can be really interesting but this also is something you don't regularly do, unless you work for
a browser vendor.
This is a nice place to dive deeper if you really want to go super deep into a specific feature
but generally, this is just what the browsers have to implement in the end and what MDN, the Mozilla
Developer Network which we referenced quite a bit in this course, typically summarizes and makes more
digestible.
Still, this is the original work or these are the summaries, the protocols of the original work groups
and this can be a nice place to dive deeper in case you're interested.